Welcome to a place where there is no India today I want to make this spicy chatni to people
This person and people are really delicious when eaten with various snacks in India
Chopped onion 2 tablespoons Please refer to the material in
Rock salt of about 10 garlic
Crossroads 1/3 4 Paprika Powder Crossroads Filled
Dry mango powder 1 teaspoon peanuts 1 tbsp
Let's put ingredients in blender
Beach green onion
Garlic
peanuts
me
Smoke separation
Paprika powder
[musics]
me
Dry mango powder
Yeah yeah yeah
me
And put some water
It will be easier to stir
[musics]
Let's mix it
Divide the burden only once
Eh Put your salt
me
Yeah yeah yeah
You may add some more water to make a smooth paste
Let's stir again
me
[musics]
Now I can make tea and my brother
I will take it out to you
[musics]
me
Together with your favorite snack I ask also registered, please finished this tea Tony Omi
goodbye
me
Yeah yeah yeah
[musics]